---
layout: ../../layouts/BaseLayout.astro

title: 'What’s new with Google Cloud'
date: '2021-01-12'
lastmod: '2021-02-01'
tags: ['Gogole Cloud', 'GCP', '2022']
draft: false
summary: 'Looking for a performant, out of the box template, with all the best in web technology to support your blogging needs? Checkout the Tailwind Nextjs Starter Blog template.'
images: ['/static/images/canada/mountains.jpg', '/static/images/canada/toronto.jpg']
authors: ['default', 'impondesk']
slug: 'gcp-2022'
---

<main class="max-w-7xl mx-auto">

Want to know the latest from Google Cloud? Find it here in one handy location. Check back regularly for our newest updates, announcements, resources, events, learning opportunities, and more. 


## Week of Nov 28 - Dec 2, 2022
Zeotap partnered with Google Cloud to build a next-generation customer data platform with focus on Privacy, Security and Compliance. This blog post describes their journey using Google Data Cloud including BigQuery, BI Engine, Vertex AI to build customized Audience segments at scale. Read more here.

## Week of Nov 14 - Nov 18, 2022
Apigee has been named a leader in the 2022 Gartner Magic Quadrant for API Management, marking the seventh time in a row we’ve earned this recognition. We remain the top API Management vendor in our Ability to Execute, with a strong product offering, customer experience, and sales execution. Please help us share the good news via Twitter, Facebook, and LinkedIn.

Connected-Stories has built an end-to-end creative management platform on Google Cloud including BigQuery, Vertex AI to develop, serve and optimize interactive video and display Ads that scale across any channel. Read more here.


## Week of Nov 7 - Nov 11, 2022

No-cost access to some of our popular training is available on Coursera until December 31,2022. Get hands-on experience to enhance your technical skills in the cloud environment for the most in-demand job roles. Training is available for both technical and non-technical professionals and spans foundational to advanced content. You’ll also earn a shareable certificate. Learn more about this training offer today.

Private Marketplace functionality is now available in preview for Google Cloud Marketplace to help organizations scale compliant product discovery. Learn more here.




</main>